pages/essay.md, before:

---
title: Essay
layout: about
permalink: /essay.html
---

{% include feature/nav-menu.html sections="Introduction;Body Section 1;Body Section 2;Conclusion;Notes" %}

# Ring of Keys

## Introduction

Every time Nick Pivetta pitches a good game, I reread Andy Lattimer's comic, "[A Change of Scenery](https://thetwinbill.com/a-change-of-scenery)," and let myself feel feelings. [Baseball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baseball): a *meditation* on failure **masquerading** as a ***team sport***.

## Body Section 1

Example text to be cited.[^1]

{% include feature/image.html filename="service-pnp-npcc-01500-01535r.jpeg" alt="Two people standing at first base with hands on hips smiling at the camera" caption="Washington fans are strong for "Uncle Nick Altrock" and therefore the War Risks have Dot Meloy in training as a side line entertainer. Nick is teaching her a few of his stunts." link="https://lccn.loc.gov/2016827889" %}

## Body Section 2

Yet more text to cite.[^2]

## Conclusion

- bullpen
- dugout
- clubhouse

## Notes

[^1]: Rowlandson, Mary. "The Narrative of My Captivity." In *The Making of the American Essay*, edited by John D’Agata, 19–56. Minneapolis: Graywolf Press, 2016.

[^2]: Sharon Sassler and Amanda Jayne Miller, *Cohabitation Nation: Gender, Class, and the Remaking of Relationships* (Oakland: University of California Press, 2017), 114.

Commit message:

Add line chart for labor in America

pages/essay.md, after:

---
title: Essay
layout: about
permalink: /essay.html
---

{% include feature/nav-menu.html sections="Introduction;Body Section 1;Body Section 2;Conclusion;Notes" %}

# Ring of Keys

## Introduction

Every time Nick Pivetta pitches a good game, I reread Andy Lattimer's comic, "[A Change of Scenery](https://thetwinbill.com/a-change-of-scenery)," and let myself feel feelings. [Baseball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baseball): a *meditation* on failure **masquerading** as a ***team sport***.

## Body Section 1

Example text to be cited.[^1]

{% include feature/image.html filename="service-pnp-npcc-01500-01535r.jpeg" alt="Two people standing at first base with hands on hips smiling at the camera" caption="Washington fans are strong for "Uncle Nick Altrock" and therefore the War Risks have Dot Meloy in training as a side line entertainer. Nick is teaching her a few of his stunts." link="https://lccn.loc.gov/2016827889" %}

## Body Section 2

Yet more text to cite.[^2]

{% include feature/line-chart.html data="sotu-20th-century" topic="labor in America" %}

It's driving me up the wall that my edits aren't rendering on the front end of my website immediately.

## Conclusion

- bullpen
- dugout
- clubhouse

## Notes

[^1]: Rowlandson, Mary. "The Narrative of My Captivity." In *The Making of the American Essay*, edited by John D’Agata, 19–56. Minneapolis: Graywolf Press, 2016.

[^2]: Sharon Sassler and Amanda Jayne Miller, *Cohabitation Nation: Gender, Class, and the Remaking of Relationships* (Oakland: University of California Press, 2017), 114.
